README.md, before:

# node-js-getting-started

A barebones Node.js app using [Express 4](http://expressjs.com/).

This application supports the [Getting Started with Node on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs) article - check it out.

## Running Locally

Make sure you have [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) and the [Heroku CLI](https://cli.heroku.com/) installed.

```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:heroku/node-js-getting-started.git # or clone your own fork
$ cd node-js-getting-started
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

Your app should now be running on [localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000/).

## Deploying to Heroku

```
$ heroku create
$ git push heroku master
$ heroku open
```
or

[![Deploy to Heroku](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy)


## Heroku App Deployment Link, Netlify Deployment and Trello

https://trello.com/b/aXShc131/lambda-notesbackend-abraham-bueno
https://shielded-mountain-33568.herokuapp.com/
https://abrambueno-lamdanotes.netlify.com/

## Documentation

For more information about using Node.js on Heroku, see these Dev Center articles:

- [Getting Started with Node.js on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs)
- [Heroku Node.js Support](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/nodejs-support)
- [Node.js on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/nodejs)
- [Best Practices for Node.js Development](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/node-best-practices)
- [Using WebSockets on Heroku with Node.js](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/node-websockets)

Commit message:

Added github link for the rewired front end.

README.md, after:

# node-js-getting-started

A barebones Node.js app using [Express 4](http://expressjs.com/).

This application supports the [Getting Started with Node on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs) article - check it out.

## Running Locally

Make sure you have [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) and the [Heroku CLI](https://cli.heroku.com/) installed.

```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:heroku/node-js-getting-started.git # or clone your own fork
$ cd node-js-getting-started
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

Your app should now be running on [localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000/).

## Deploying to Heroku

```
$ heroku create
$ git push heroku master
$ heroku open
```
or

[![Deploy to Heroku](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy)


## Heroku App Deployment Link, Netlify Deployment and Trello

https://trello.com/b/aXShc131/lambda-notesbackend-abraham-bueno
https://shielded-mountain-33568.herokuapp.com/
- Complete Application: https://abrambueno-lamdanotes.netlify.com/
- Github for Front End Portion, which was rewired to get the endpoints of the server: https://github.com/abrambueno1992/BackEndPROJECT

## Documentation

For more information about using Node.js on Heroku, see these Dev Center articles:

- [Getting Started with Node.js on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs)
- [Heroku Node.js Support](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/nodejs-support)
- [Node.js on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/nodejs)
- [Best Practices for Node.js Development](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/node-best-practices)
- [Using WebSockets on Heroku with Node.js](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/node-websockets)
